Japan is Anime Paradise especially in
Akihabara so if you're looking for the
best places to find anime merch here are
the top five best places to buy anime in
Akihabara mandarake is a renowned chain
of stores that specializes in all things
anime and manga you'll find an
incredible variety of items here from
rare Collectibles to secondhand manga
and DVDs it is famous for its extensive
selection and unique finds making it a
must visit for any anime fan as you
ascend its eight levels of specialty
items from anime merch to cosplay items
to games and
more animate is a well-known store that
offers a wide range of anime and manga
merch you'll find character Goods CDs
DVDs and so much more the store often
collaborates with popular anime series
offering exclusive merchandise that you
won't find anywhere else there are seven
floors of pure anime Bliss to experience
here so take your time you just might
find something you were not
expecting
while Yodobashi Camera is primarily
known as an Electronics retailer the
Akihabara Branch also features an
extensive anime and entertainment
section in fact it's more like a mall
that caters to all sorts of interests
from Electronics to anime DVDs figurines
and so much more there's also a few
restaurants on the ground floor so you
can easily grab some food once you're
done with all your
shopping but if you're into anime
figures and model kits kukia is a must
visit you know you're on to something
interesting when their company model
says that they don't just sell physical
products but also the concept of fun as
soon as customers walk into the
store the staff are known to be friendly
and helpful as they guide you to the
many highquality skill figures and model
kits from various anime
series don't worry there's merch to suit
any otaku's budget
[Music]
range last but not least we have radio
Kon this multistory complex is perhaps
the biggest ENT in this list with two
stories underground and 10 stories above
ground it houses numerous small shops
that are dedicated to anime manga and
various pop culture Collectibles it is
an absolute Treasure Trove of hidden
gems and Niche items which makes it such
a compelling place to visit for all
otakus what's your best haul from
akiabara so far let me know in the
comments feel free to share this guide
to your fellow otakus details of all
locations featured in this video like
address opening times and how to get
there are in the Des description if you
like this video I hope you consider
subscribing to the channel and with that
being said I'll see you guys in the next
[Music]
one